Master Xu's provincial capital, Zhao Xia, is now leaderless
Infighting evil crowd
Would you consider intervening?
Then you can figure it out.
How do the people of the Zhao family handle Zhao Jing?
Find out what they did.
There is no one to kill
Yeah.
In addition, Master Xu
Have you considered buying a property?
I'm used to drinking salted fish
Besides, I love dimples
hum
But the young master should also think about your mother
There are already two dragon heart grass.
The other one also knows the lower fruit
Madam returns to the world
Who is the most replaceable?
That's true.
Tingting gave me a Supreme Blue Dragon Card before
By the way, what is the best real estate in Yuncheng?
Wanliu Academy
Hello, sir.
Excuse me, do you want to see the house?
That's right. What's the best house you have?
Xu Wenjie
You trash are really haunting
This Wanliu Academy is also a place where you can enter
Why can't this community even watch a dog?
His uncle wants to buy the best house here
Hmm, you have to pay attention
He just wanted to sneak into your showroom and steal something
You'd better go quickly
Few people know now that we are divorced.
If it gets out
We lost the face of our Gao family
If I'm bored, I'll buy the whole neighborhood
That's just old wishful thinking
Keep introducing me
Ah, yes, sir.
This is a self-contained villa
Total area 2,000 square meters
Construction area of 700 square meters
Look at the top three floors and the bottom two floors.
And it has courtyards in the front and rear.
Yeah, and it has its own swimming pool.
And golf courses.
There is a separate garage at the bottom.
It's good to be able to park 10 cars
Just this time
Look at when you will pay
See if you can still pretend
This villa costs 1 billion
You can't afford to sell yourself.
Summer worms are not compatible with ice
Credit.